Tutorial fixes (#780)
cap-js/docs: get-started/hello-world.md

</div>

<div class="impl java">

> <!-- IMPORTANT: tiny-sample is needed here as a workaround for exception: 'script' must not be null or empty -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- IMPORTANT: tiny-sample is needed here as otherwise, w/o a model, Java build fails -->
```
